add docs for installing localstack on windows and other fixes (#598)
localstack/docs: content/en/getting-started/api-key.md

- If you push an API key to a public repository, it has potentially been exposed and might remain in the history (even if you try to rewrite it).
- If you accidentally publish your API key, please [contact us](https://localstack.cloud/contact/) immediately to get your API key rotated!
- If you want to use your API key in your CI environment, check out our [CI documentation]({{< ref "user-guide/ci" >}}) to see the proper way to handle secrets in your CI environment to store your API key securely.
{{< /alert >}}

### Starting LocalStack via CLI

LocalStack expects your API key to be present in the environment variable `LOCALSTACK_API_KEY`. You can define the `LOCALSTACK_API_KEY` environment variable before or while starting LocalStack using the `localstack` CLI.

{{< tabpane >}}
{{< tab header="macOS/Linux" lang="shell" >}}
export LOCALSTACK_API_KEY=<YOUR_API_KEY>
localstack start -d
{{< /tab >}}
{{< tab header="Windows" lang="shell" >}}
$env:LOCALSTACK_API_KEY=<YOUR_API_KEY> localstack start -d
{{< /tab >}}
{{< /tabpane >}}

The `localstack` CLI will detect the API key and properly pass it to the LocalStack container.

{{< alert title="Note" >}}

> If you are using LocalStack with an API Key, you need to pull the [LocalStack Pro image](https://docs.localstack.cloud/references/docker-images/#localstack-pro-image) that includes the Pro APIs and other exotic features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using LocalStack with an API Key, you need to pull the [LocalStack Pro image](https://docs.localstack.cloud/references/docker-images/#localstack-pro-image) that includes the Pro services and several other advanced features.
```
